chore: ready for release candidate (#1578)
aws/aws-sdk-js-v3: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=aws/aws-sdk-js-v3)](https://dependabot.com)

The **AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 RC** is a rewrite of V2 with some great new features. As with version 2, it enables you to easily work with [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/), but has been written in TypeScript and adds several frequently requested features, like modularized packages.

Many aspects of the SDK have been refactored and cleaned up, in addition to generating service client packages instead of hydrating services at SDK runtime. The v3 RC is your chance to influence the direction of the new AWS SDK for JavaScript. Tell us what you like, tell us what you don’t like by [opening an issue](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3/issues/new/choose). Your feedback matters to us.

## Production Readiness

> This project is in Release Candidate(RC) state. We want feedback from you. Although unlikely, breaking changes in future releases may happen while the SDK is still in preview.

Reviewer: Add no breaking changes unless absolutely necessary.
```suggestion
This project is a Release Candidate (RC). We want feedback from you. We will avoid breaking changes unless absolutely necessary.
```
